Update real-time ubuntu page (#3162)
canonical/ubuntu-pro-client: docs/howtoguides/enable_realtime_kernel.rst

.. _manage-realtime:

> How to manage Real-time Ubuntu

Reviewer: Hi @s-makin !

Is there a reason for using "How to _manage_ Real-time Ubuntu" instead of "How to _install_ Real-time Ubuntu"?
The rest of the set up is really related to Pro but not really "managing" RTU

Also I think you may need to rename the title in the main navigation menu. it currently says "real-time kernel" but you've updated the page title to "Real-time Ubuntu".

Thanks!

******************************

> `Real-time Ubuntu <realtime_>`_ is supported on Ubuntu 22.04 LTS (Jammy)
> and later releases. To find out more about the supported Ubuntu versions and

Reviewer 2: This isn't correct, as Ubuntu 22.10, 23.04, 23.10 aren't supported.
```suggestion
`Real-time Ubuntu <realtime_>`_ is supported on specific Ubuntu releases.
To find out more about the supported Ubuntu versions and
```

rebooting, you will be running Real-time Ubuntu.

Install and enable manually
===========================

To access the Real-time Ubuntu repository but not install the package
immediately, you can use the ``--access-only`` flag, which was introduced in
Pro Client version 27.11:

.. code-block:: shell-session

   $ sudo pro enable realtime-kernel --access-only

   One moment, checking your subscription first
   Real-time kernel cannot be enabled with Livepatch.
   Disable Livepatch and proceed to enable Real-time kernel? (y/N) y
   Disabling incompatible service: Livepatch
   Updating Real-time kernel package lists
   Skipping installing packages: ubuntu-realtime
   Real-time kernel access enabled

Now that Real-time Ubuntu is accessible, you can install and enable it whenever
you wish. For example, to install the generic Real-time kernel (not suitable
for Raspberry Pi):

.. code-block:: shell

   sudo apt install ubuntu-realtime

After rebooting, you'll be running Real-time Ubuntu.

Next steps
==========

For more information about Real-time Ubuntu and how it can help you, refer
to the `official Real-time Ubuntu`_ documentation.

.. LINKS

.. include:: ../links.txt

> .. _kernel_variant: https://canonical-real-time-ubuntu-documentation.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/reference/releases/

Reviewer 2: This page is not just about kernel variants.
```suggestion
.. _rt_releases: https://canonical-real-time-ubuntu-documentation.readthedocs-hosted.com/en/latest/reference/releases/
```
... to be updated in citations as well.

Author: Thanks for the clarification, and your suggestions. I've applied them now.
